Imagine the following scenario.
A consultant walks into a sales meeting with a potential client at an electric utility in the US. The client is
based in San Diego, and the utility is part of a larger Utility holding group with a market cap over $60b
USD. The potential client is the SVP over Field Services and wants to talk about replacing their aging

Field Service Management platform. Based on some Salesforce searches, the consultant has seen that
we&#39;ve pitched Salesforce Service Cloud before and is armed with some of the deliverables that we&#39;ve done
for this utility in other parts of the business, including the development of a Wildfire Management
application and an IT app modernization project.
How would a typical conversation go? We would seek to understand the problem, maybe some of the pain
points they are having. Maybe we’d ask about metrics that they are trying to improve. We would talk
about our capabilities with field service solutions like Salesforce or ServiceNow. We might even talk
about other utilities that we work with, not necessarily in this functional area, but could introduce them to
someone that has recently gone through this. We would also likely bring up our ability to help with
business cases, discovery or vendor assessments. However, most of the industry and problem definition
would be driven by the client. Save for a few dozen people, there aren&#39;t many at Slalom who have
experience with Utility Field Services. Maybe there would be a few dozen more that have done field
services for other industries, that might include telco, energy generation, automotive, construction or
other industries that have similar functions. But what if that consultant, who didn&#39;t have any direct
experience in this functional space with this client, was able to tap into the collective experience of those
few dozen consultants, and know to ask questions like:

 What are you currently unhappy with in regard to your existing application? Answers will
typically include lack of visibility of work orders and status, inefficient workforce management,
not using all of the data that is available from the work order or the asset itself, difficulty in using
the actual applications which are buried in an ERP.
 What application are you using today? SAP, Oracle, Oracle NetSuite, ServiceNow, Salesforce,
Custom?
 What version and what components are you using of that vendor suite?
 What Asset Management solution are you using?
 Is your asset management solution integrated with GIS? or is that a separate application?
 Do you have a mobile field service application? if yes, is it an integrated application or is it
separate?
 Are you using 3rd party field engineers? FTEs? Hybrid?
 Are work orders generated and managed in your field service application?
 Are parts, time and other costs managed within the field service application? If not, where are
those being managed?
 Is fleet management, including staffing and truck rolls, managed within the field service
application?
 What data are you capturing at the field site?
 Is there any computer vision or augmented data, image or video capture being done on site?
 Is there any telemetry on the assets? If so, what data is being captured and where is that sent
today? Is there any integration to ADMS, GIS or Asset Management?
 Are there security measures in place that may require identity validation or access control to
access the asset?

And to know that it would be typical for a utility to be using the Field Service capability from their ERP
(Oracle or SAP), which is likely where they are keeping Asset information as well. More progressive
utilities may already be using Salesforce or ServiceNow for field service, but that would reduce the
likelihood they would be asking about this use case if they were already using those solutions.
Imagine now that we also had a proprietary layer sitting on top of any of the most common LLMs that
contained:

 Narrative descriptions from every project in this industry or functional area related to this use
case.
 Lists of questions, and likely answers, that would give shape to the problem.
 Integrations with known systems (often defined by company, industry or both)
 Key Data sources or required data in order to enable the use case.
 Workflows or process diagrams that describe the flow of data and user interaction that occurs as
part of the use case.
 Functional architecture diagrams detailing components that are included as part of the concept,
but also ones that are likely provided by the client.
 Audio transcriptions of meetings and conversations related to the topic.

And now imagine if we had corresponding solutions that were already pre-built OR could be accelerated
with components, data models, pre-built connectors or architectural frameworks that all leveraged this
context.
